docs: update icon.get function signature (#226)
vyfor/cord.nvim: .github/wiki/Configuration.md

## Useful Functions

- `require('cord.api.icon').get(name: string, theme?: string, flavor?: string): string`

>   - **Get Icon URL:** Returns the URL for the specified icon `name` and optional `theme`. If `theme` is not provided, it defaults to the configured `display.theme`. Useful for referencing Cord's built-in icons in your custom configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Get Icon URL:** Returns the URL for the specified icon `name`, optional `theme`, and optional `flavor`. If `theme` or `flavor` is not provided, they default to the configured `display.theme` and `display.flavor`, respectively. Useful for referencing Cord's built-in icons in your custom configurations.
```
